DOC: add extentions - autogen-oaiapi and autogen-contextplus (#6338)
microsoft/autogen: python/packages/autogen-core/docs/src/user-guide/extensions-user-guide/discover.md

| [autogen-openaiext-client](https://github.com/vballoli/autogen-openaiext-client)  | [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-openaiext-client/) | Model client for other LLMs like Gemini, etc. through the OpenAI API |
| [autogen-ext-mcp](https://github.com/richard-gyiko/autogen-ext-mcp) | [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-ext-mcp/) | Tool adapter for Model Context Protocol server tools |
| [autogen-ext-email](https://github.com/masquerlin/autogen-ext-email) | [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-ext-email/) | A Email agent for generating email and sending |
| [autogen-oaiapi](https://github.com/SongChiYoung/autogen-oaiapi)  | [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-oaiapi/) | an OpenAI-style API server built on top of AutoGen |

> | [autogen-contextplus](https://github.com/SongChiYoung/autogen-contextplus)  | [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-contextplus/) | User defined AutoGen model_context |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [autogen-contextplus](https://github.com/SongChiYoung/autogen-contextplus)  | [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/autogen-contextplus/) | Enhanced model_context implementations, with features such as automatic summarization and truncation of model context. |
```
